Feature/UI memory (#687)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/UI/MicroVG/vectorfont.rst

Loading a Font File
-------------------

A Vector Font has to be loaded in a `VectorFont`_ object with a call to `ej.microvg.VectorFont.loadFont()`_. 
This `VectorFont`_ object can then be used to draw text strings.

> The fonts are decoded at compile-time.
> They don't need to be processed by a generator tool.
> Font files must be declared as resources in a ``.resources.list`` file available in the classpath (:ref:`chapter.microej.applicationResources`). 
> To declare them as :ref:`external resources<vectorfont_external>`, the font files must be declared too in a ``.externresources.list`` file.

Reviewer: This is wrong, right ?
```suggestion
The fonts are decoded at runtime.
They don't need to be pre-processed by some generator tool like MicroUI Fonts.
Vector Font files must be declared as resources in a ``.resources.list`` file available in the classpath (:ref:`chapter.microej.applicationResources`). 
To declare them as :ref:`external resources<vectorfont_external>`, the font files must be declared too in a ``.externresources.list`` file.
```

Author: Sorry, I'd forgotten about this suggestion. Updated.
